you're stirring there's three I was
three
oh well
I
here we are Ashley around and we are
Ashley shooting first got her got jet
Baxter dick Baxter over there yeah
that's better yo chip Baxter and we got
Sammy ain't good first spot of the not
Jeff suckers ball of vinegar a knee yeah
let's go go ahead and leave your zone
get him yourself Ashley and wait don't
shoot yeah he's gone
but it ride on his chest and squeeze it
off take your time hold on I don't what
whoa Mike yeah
right there he is gosh shot nice shot
keep a lot on listen Ashley don't oh
sorry I here hold on let me turn up to
Kylie laughs hey what up Oh first guy
emailed above
what do you think about that knee
surgery we're good
whoa whoa
Wow
cook
wait